Hello and thank you for your purchase!
This asset contains a shader created with "ShaderGraph" as well as 3 different materials from which you can learn how to interact.

There are only a few special conditions:

1) In case you need to change the texture of the hatch, you need to make it the same as those used in materials. 
Namely, to make RGB hatching.
To do this, you'll need to recolor the texture in 3 colors for each direction you want. 
For shaders to work correctly, they must also be blended behind the "Substruct" type along with the background.

2) To find shadows, using an additional dependency in the form of the "Main Light Shadow" node.
It was taken from the Cyanilux github - https://github.com/Cyanilux/URP_ShaderGraphCustomLighting, 
for which I am very grateful to the author.
In case of lighting errors from this node, it is recommended to download and install this extension.
Installation instructions can be found in the README->Setup section

3) In case you need to fix the position of the hatch on the object so that it does not move when 
the camera shifts, you need to change the Position node parameter, which passes the UV for the Tilieng and Offset texture node,
from the View parameter to the Object or World parameter.
But then in this case, artifacts may appear in the texture rendering, namely its strong curvature on the object.


Regarding the settings.
There are several fields that can be confusing:

1) Smoothstep parameters - needed to soften how many areas will be captured for drawing lines.

2) EdgeSize - despite the name, is essentially responsible for shifting the maximum points of the normal and depth maps.
Because of this, if you set a large value, for example 2 or more, a copy of the object will be visible at a distance, but painted black.
Also, due to the calculation method, changes will be visible mainly only at certain numbers.
I recommend using 0.5 or 1.0. Then a neat and clear line will be visible.

Well, that's all for now.
In the future, I promise to fix errors, if any.
And I will also try to improve what is already there.

Enjoy using and successful development!